Url update (#742)
plone/training: docs/theming_plone_5/custom-components.md

For an overview of existing Viewlets and ViewletManagers look at the `/@@manage-viewlets` view.

> For more details about Viewlets/ViewletManagers and their possibilities, see {doc}`mastering-plone/viewlets_1`.

Reviewer: My mistake, I forgot to make the path root-relative. However can you check this by making a local build? That will save review cycles. If not, then you can always check the Netlify preview build. For example, the latest build shows that this link did not render: https://deploy-preview-742--plone-training.netlify.app/theming_plone_5/custom-components#viewlets

```suggestion
For more details about Viewlets/ViewletManagers and their possibilities, see {doc}`/mastering-plone/viewlets_1`.
```

Author: I'll definitely keep this mind from next time, now i have updated the file and the link do renders in Netlify preview build

For an overview of existing Viewlets and ViewletManagers look at the `/@@manage-viewlets` view.

> For more details about Viewlets/ViewletManagers and there possibilities see the Viewlets sections of the

Reviewer: Let's use MyST syntax, and combine two lines into one.

```suggestion
For more details about Viewlets/ViewletManagers and their possibilities, see {doc}`mastering-plone/viewlets_1`.
```

> [Mastering Plone 5: Development chapters](https://training.plone.org/mastering-plone/viewlets_1.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [Mastering Plone 5: Development chapters](https://2022.training.plone.org/mastering-plone/viewlets_1.html).

Reviewer: Not being archived. See: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Wmg03uXD3fIRYz33xPFnzaFbLYdxjhKq10NAKDswFxg/edit#gid=0

```suggestion
[Mastering Plone 5: Development chapters](https://training.plone.org/mastering-plone/viewlets_1.html).
```

Author: I'm sorry about that, i updated it now
